Update text and link for IDE support in vs. JSX chart (#325)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/comparing-astro-vs-other-tools.md

| Boolean Attributes           | `autocomplete` === `autocomplete={true}` | `autocomplete` === `autocomplete={true}` |
| Inline Functions             | `{items.map(item => <li>{item}</li>)}`  | `{items.map(item => <li>{item}</li>)}` |
| Conditional Rendering             | `{condition &&  <p>text<p>}`  | `{condition &&  <p>text<p>}` |

> | IDE Support                  | [VS Code (incl. Open VSX), Nova](/en/editor-setup) | Phenomenal |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| IDE Support                  | Available for [VS Code (incl. Open VSX), Nova](/en/editor-setup) | Built-in |
```

Reviewer: As the original author of "Phenomenal", I don't mind being a little more explicit now.
